are you listening to Bruce Brian is that
kiss tomorrow goodbye guy the other day
said I must be crazy thing is thought it
is for a while I think I might be hey
guys we're back breaking down another
episode of true detective season 3 this
is episode 2 kiss tomorrow goodbye now
make sure to keep you here to GameSpot
universe because we're breaking down the
entire season all eight episodes and
again
spoiler alert so make sure you watch
this episode first then come on back
here go watch it go watch it okay let's
get right into it let's start with the
title itself kiss tomorrow goodbye I
think of all the true crime and kiss the
girls anything just anything like that
way okay we're we all with this yeah
kiss tomorrow goodbye a classic noir
book by horace mccoy which is later made
into a movie and the idea here i think
in the context here is that you know it
has to with time and memory and someone
that's suffering from dementia or
alzheimer's um you know the idea of
kissing tomorrow goodbye is very
prevalent yes with all the conversations
we have with Wayne and Henry he keeps
alluding to what subtle things like oh I
wish I could see this person again or
whereas this person working and missing
Henry is yeah I was having a rough time
in this episode alright so we start with
the fallout from Wayne coming across but
wills body yes in the cave he's doing
the little prayer
the autopsy comes back he has broken
neck broken neck and so it looks like
someone obviously put him there so it
seems like it would be someone much
bigger than him able to kind of
overpower a small boy it's not gonna be
Julie no not someone who's equal I mean
she's you know still a suspect it you
know we don't know anything but it
seemed like someone bigger than him
would be able to break his neck and
carry his body and place it into a cage
could be an accident but there's still
someone else he needs to pick up that
body right and that person probably
linked to the person whoever put those
dolls kind of you know yeah
leading up to the BAA course at the same
time what are they doing they're
destined for fingerprints on the bike
yeah the bike was the only
the only other piece of evidence that
was left near the crime scene which is a
call back to other crimes that actually
took place in the 80s so I do like the
little subtle nods now who knows how
many fingerprints are on that bike but
we definitely know there's one set on
that bike right that's Freddie's he was
the bike earlier that same night so it's
probable thing is a tricky thing though
like you know I remember as a young kid
like multiple people would borrow your
bike I know when you go out riding into
the neighborhood or wherever so you know
someone grabbing the bike like we might
not necessarily you know it it puts them
in the in the location at the time as
well so it's very tricky but that
doesn't mean you're the killer but yeah
you see him so his fingerprints
definitely on the bike itself just to go
back over sure you didn't see anything I
told you I saw the teenagers out there
too I was going in the other direction
okay let's talk about the interrogation
scene with Brett Woodard that is one of
my favorite interrogation scenes the
dialogue is so good the acting on this
show is incredible so far I'm really
digging this yeah not even by the leaves
just everyone all the ancillary
characters very well acted and he's
basically like suspect number one person
of interest number one just because you
know he's kind of an outsider they don't
know a lot about him and they're kind of
he's kind of cast as this weird guy who
just collected garbage and you know he's
damaged from the Vietnam War of course
and you know it was very telling the
line that was uttered in this
interrogation when Roland West's asked
him about children you like kids
generally do
the right answer to that I don't know
what you're supposed to say that other
than that because that looks like the
correct response there what do you want
me to say it's a very leading question
with vines like what do you what's the
right thing to say to somebody who says
that now we find out that he has kids
himself but he's kind of a strange from
the kids he doesn't know where they are
isn't know where they are and is
estranged from the mother and I you know
it's it's a thing where he came back
very damaged from the war and he's kind
of very you know in solitary by himself
and just kind of trudging along in this
written his day-to-day life speaking
about the Vietnam War they again another
nod to that and they bring up the 75th
in poultry he brings that up again
that means Wayne he's teasing some [ __ ]
but if that if this is all true in
Woodard was impressed but he's like whoa
I'm impressed by what Wayne's been
through so that's we're gonna I think if
we get some flashbacks to the Vietnam
War I think that's what Wayne's kind of
like holding back in his memory the most
you ever been someplace you couldn't
leave you couldn't stay wasn't the same
time that sums up so much of this
episode sums up Wayne it sums up Tom you
get pretty much an identical line from
Tom in the car when he's crying because
he wants to go to work he doesn't want
to stay at home he can't go to sleep but
he also doesn't want to wake up great
stuff and it's also just just three so
like it's got my stomach yeah well I do
that and I know for comfortable in any
in any timeline in any setting you're
never gonna find comfort you know he's
trying to get in and out of different
remember his memories and get in and out
of different sequences of his life but
he doesn't feel at home anything at any
time
yeah and again back up at the scene
where Tom goes back to work that felt so
authentic and the way everyone's just
staring out and right boss comes over
and grab some hey hey talk about this
for a second we put you on leave yeah
good stuff but everything is happening
it's a little disruptive people have
other things in their mind these
machines
that's how accidents happened you know
that Tom guy nobody wants to be huh now
let's talk about the community-at-large
they head to the west finger community
center and the local politicians are
gonna you know have a press conference
mm-hmm talking about what happened and
just kind of getting all the community
up to date and and this is where you see
the beginnings of like fear chaos
stilled in the entire community and
everyone basically panicking we talked
about this last episode you know the
moral panic the satanic panic of people
kind of overreacting it's happening a
curfew set in place and it becomes kind
of like quickly that we find out that
have become kind of like a ghost town
people are scared to even let their kids
go outside the school bus shot yeah that
was awesome
yeah very eerie um but I mean you could
you could understand that you know once
you find out such a horrific thing
happened in your own neighborhood that
you would do buy anything you could do
to and they have it no idea who's behind
it but right the big issue here but
police were to say like oh we know who
did it we think it's just Morgan's kids
and the parents like a fool but now they
really think there's a monster over the
town and there's nothing and that's got
to be one of the most horrific things
right the uncertainty yes of what this
who and what is going on not knowing
what you're looking for and what you'll
find at the end this town is going to
eat itself now we get a little more
context in the 2015 timeline we find out
kind of why Wayne is is has agreed to
participate in this you know to true
criminal season 3 of true criminal like
making a murderer style documentary
supposedly he feels that the producer
Alisa Montgomery that she has she's
leading him on leading him on maybe she
has some new information that you know
they're kind of she's learned through
the online forums and through all the
police work of what might have happened
and you just get a sense that Wayne has
never you know stopped trying to figure
out what went down but at the same time
this could be the dementia playing in
his head a little bit he may have
already figured it out enemies trying to
get him just to stop but I'm siding with
Henry here like she's leading him on
she's just leading him on as far as she
can't hear now she also
to wane about his daughter yeah it looks
like their relationships on the rocky
side say the least you could feel that
throughout the entire episode that
something's wrong we get a few
references to this but we don't know
exactly what happened yet but it sounds
like they had a falling-out perhaps you
know seeing her dad deteriorate the way
he has has been you know very
traumatizing for her
did it work with something with Julie
where the case was just what girls and
the Kate the way he treated her compared
to Henry might have had something to do
with that and it took a toll on him yeah
something bad happened here and we also
she also reveals something happened
between Julie and her dad Tom Purcell
later on in this episode so something
happened in 1990 mm-hmm
once you know Wayne got kind of brought
back into deposition to talk about the
whole thing something happened with the
Purcell Tom Purcell and Julie that we
don't know exactly we don't know yet so
we know that Julie's back at least we'll
you know the fingerprints of her in the
pharmacy full match a full match so we
know that she's alive but we don't know
the context as to why she never returned
home or if there's a reason why she
stayed away from her father which
hopefully in the next coming episodes we
will find out did she join some like
Devil's Rejects group who knows we'll
find out next up Wayne and Roland head
over to Will's funeral where we meet Dan
O'Brien a creepy Dan O'Brien very very
creepy yes he's got that I live a happy
old like creepy Joe Namath okay you
stayed in the boy wills room
man told you I did leave a couple of
magazines behind under the mattress
and maybe I did can we just say the he
probably did something with Lucy here
yeah I don't obviously with all the
evidence to convict him for anything
with the kids yet but it definitely
seems a little bit weird you know he
stayed there for six months and he
totally normal he doesn't like the guy
if he just doesn't like him but it seems
like he's pointing the finger a little
ha yeah and that one line that he said
about that she he always saw her with a
stronger man and I feel sorry for him I
felt for him even for all this my
opinion Lucy always needed like a strong
male he has maybe some sort of like
possessive feelings towards her and it's
just extremely unhealthy and maybe he's
not the murderer in the kidnapper but it
I don't like him let's put it that way
so then we get a conversation with Tom's
parents yeah a quick one but they give
out one very big lines been some
wondering about Julie don't not to me
Tom was working offshore could have been
welding in Texas when Julie was
conceived now I've won haughty damage
yeah obviously they're completely
distraught especially Tom's dad doesn't
want to hear any of these rumors or what
happens yeah exactly them you know
they're horrified us of what has
happened but it does pick her interest
that you know the couple's been having
problems for so long they only got
married because they had a kid we don't
even know if it's hit if his Tom's kid
there's just a lot of uncertainty and
what's the truth out of this marriage I
mean the marriage was basically built on
a bunch of lies it sounds like so I
suspect this just goes into the kids
vision of their parents and everything
so this could be something again where
the kids wanted to get their family back
together yeah noticeably wrong who knows
if these rumors seeped into other parts
of the family you know the grandparents
are talking about I don't know if
there's you know just hasn't found out
the neighbors cousins neighbors you know
and then it all spreads like wildfire
and then it comes back to the kids and
you know they react a certain way to it
too so yeah lots of disturbing elements
in the family like
really close to the kids okay so we got
a big evidence reveal here in this
episode those dolls those cornhusk dolls
or whatever thing in a column on the
show at that point draw a corn husk oh
yeah apparently they were handed out at
Halloween Julie's friend Mike recognized
the dolls so all right here we go when
those kids are coming back into play
here to remember everybody lies so you
just got to keep that in mind here that
someone could be leaning someone else
down the path they don't want to be
going down now Mike's able to help the
authorities create like a map or a route
of where they went trick-or-treating and
where the possibilities you know all
these different X's on this map of where
it might be where she received the doll
and we also know that the person that
was handing them out was wearing her I
think it was two people and ghosts
ghosts up with it with ghost sheets on a
good disguise if you're trying to not
they don't reveal yourself know it's
extremely hard to track that down but
you know there's two avenues of thought
here is is you know you you go house to
house but then that's encroaching a
prompt on you know everyone's basic
freedoms and their privacy hmm or you
kind of just get people on alert and say
hey neighborhood watch let's all pay
attention to what was going on
looks like they chose the wrong path
they did and you know it went against
what what Wayne and Roland wanted to do
but the politicians in the in the local
and the mayor and local government you
know they wanted everyone to know that
hey there was contact with Julie wasn't
it there's an election year too so they
bring this up brightly that a lot of
things were driven to a point where they
wanted to find somebody no matter who it
was right so it's not looking good for a
few can just show and show that they're
you know they're may they're cleaning up
the place they're getting it safe but
when in fact they're kind of instilling
a ton more panic in turmoil into the
community in itself
now our investigation suggests is
someone who saw her on Halloween a
special knowledge of this case even in a
week so Rowland and Wayne are pretty
pissed off at this point what do they do
they take it out I think on a pedophile
or suspected pedophile they kick his ass
yeah like he checked off a couple boxes
but he's clearly not the suspect in this
case but they wanted to rough him up and
they got a tip from a look from someone
on Vice and hey you know this guy he's
been talking about kids and you know he
has a couple strikes on his record how
come he didn't bring that up to any
anybody else beyond me yeah sir didn't
bring up at all and you know he had been
working with children recently why
didn't they bring again I don't know one
that wasn't brought up but he just kind
of like you know laying low under the
radar but you know these two wanted to
take some aggression out on him now one
thing to note about the 1990 timeline we
talked about the falling-out between
Wayne and his not eventually with his
daughter and also between Julie and Tom
Purcell something happens between them
but also
Rowland and Wayne have a falling out
they're no longer partners we could see
that coming but it looks like something
happens in the 80s so we don't know
they're not gonna get back in together
in the 90s probably later on if they do
at all but it looks like this huge
falling-out that takes place in the 80s
so who knows what happens then we get
another big piece of evidence a so kind
of like a ransom note it's not really
ransom note yeah it's more of a letter
let's see okay so the ransom note says
do not worry Julie is in a good place
and safe the children should laugh do
not look let go should as an Shu D so
apparently they're trying to make you
think it was a kid yeah it either is a
kid or it's someone making you want to
think it's a kid yeah the grammar and
spelling is all off all over the place
but besides that you you really don't
know what it what to expect there's no
no that's one person you don't know if
it's Julia herself that you know killed
her brother and then put together a note
and try to get away from the family but
why would she get away with the family
what would be so horrific that she'd
have to kill somebody and then you know
get away from the family or if she did
survive and and get away from them well
you know maybe she's trying to reach
back out you know there's so many
different possibilities this could be
from anything - this could be even just
a fake note from someone else just
[ __ ] with family totally it could be
a neighbor who
where they are oh yeah anyway anyone the
community that does not like the per
cells yeah and they want to just instill
more trauma to the per cells and just
drive them crazy you know who if if this
is like she did something wrong or if
Tommy's and wrong somebody like they
just want to screw with them this would
be the ideal way to do that and this is
like when you're looking at real cases
to when every when someone goes missing
those there's a murderer on the loose
and people call me and say I know this
person a lot of fake hot a lot of things
so many hot tips so we may see something
like that occur in this show to never
read the whole thing didn't stand I was
innocent but gonna make over the stories
they're making me work my brain I mean
leave me that of stuff so episode 2 ends
in 2015 now we see Wayne looking at
photos of his wife numerous times
throughout the to 2015 storyline now
obviously he's missing his wife
we he's morning and his dementia kicked
in a lot at this point in time so we
don't know where they're going with that
but it's heavily implying that
something's up with Amelia here yes it's
clear there's there's a few things that
play here I think that one that she's
such a significant part of his life
clearly oh yeah um that like she kind of
brings them back into re remembering
things that he previously forgot pieces
of the puzzle that he has since said his
he said that you know I forget parts
about your mom to Henry mm-hm
but I kind of feel like comparing it to
in Inception the anchor everyone's yeah
everyone has their own little piece of
something that kind of brings them back
to that reality and makes them know that
this is true and I feel like Amelia or
the image of me Amelia he's always
glamour her book he's always glancing at
her photo it triggers him to remember
parts of his life that went missing in
his own mind
well yeah what's the first last thing we
see on camera is he's looking that that
photo pushes in and then BAM he's just
straight up in the middle of nowhere
he's like in his pj's in the middle of
shoe pick and Briarwood and he's
completely lost you can see the
expression all in his face there's no
dialogue at all and it's implied that's
something that from Amelia that he
thought of got him down there but we
don't know yet what ladies something
occurred at this look
and we don't know there's a good chance
that Melia was involved in that at that
spot or the person that was wrongly
convicted for this mystery was involved
there now one thing I noticed here is
that this was the first time within one
timeline that that snap occurs mm-hmm
normally we see Wayne he's snapping to
and from a different time line say the
80s to the 90s 90s to 2015 he's looking
at a photo in 2015 and snapping to
another incoherent place in 2015 many
hours later right hours later hours in
the past days later days in the past we
don't know remember when we talked about
Westworld and Bernard and that whole
thing again we don't know what if he
snaps again in like the a in the 90s we
have another one of those moments so
that's the only thing I'm worried about
here if they do that they continue to
jump around yeah that I think it just
goes to show that look literally his
he's losing memories and his memory is
deteriorating even at a more progressive
rate maybe in the twenty in 2015 and
that you know I it's just getting a lot
worse at this point of his age okay so I
decided oh [ __ ] buddy I got to dig a
little deeper there's no pepe so he's
gotta be careful of Pepe I'm now for a
little bit deeper dive things we noticed
we call it the Pepe Silvia segment oh
yes um we have this one big question is
season one in season three connected do
they share a universe I think they all
do I think season two two you can add in
there they may have elements that are
very much connected together and I think
they are all in the same universe sighs
yeah because we got it's easy we got the
first major kind of a little Easter egg
so to speak when ELISA Montgomery was
interviewing Hayes she talks about the
online community that's devoted to true
crime you know trying to solve these
murder mysteries on their own and she
rattles off a couple other cases that
make kind of similar there that share
similarities with the per cells and she
mentioned she mentioned specifically the
quote crooked spiral iconography which
obviously is from Season one big-time in
season one and she talks about all these
pedophile rings and with high-profile
people and she says that obviously she
wonders if the dolls and this specific
mr. e is part of some much bigger thing
again we're talking yellow King trying a
vibe here they may put elements of that
in here but I feel like maybe that's
just an easter egg that's could just be
nothing more than a easter egg I think
it's just a playful Easter egg but I did
like I did like the mention of it yes it
makes it feel like it's one big universe
and you know Hayes he kind of downplayed
the whole thing and said no there's no
way that it's not it's not your kind of
thinking a little bit too big the whole
idea you know online communities
obviously a lot of things kind of the
moment momentum builds for these kind of
extraordinary conspiracies you can see
that it can get out of this release is
this the writers trying to like do a
little like reddit like hit yeah this is
driving us crazy yeah making us look
through at it yeah totally
she also mentions the Franklin scandal
and that straw dolls are a sign of these
you know of pedophile rings the Franklin
scandal actually was involved a Franklin
community credit union and after that
went under there were allegations that
the money was used in financing child
prostitution and drug trafficking and
you know a federal grand jury actually
found this claim to be false and it kind
of discredited the whole hoax as a hoax
so there is some basis in the real world
as to kind of the crimes of this nature
but I think I think I'm going with Hayes
and the fact that like it's probably a
much simpler explanation and it's not
some vast conspiracy that the online
communities kind of created yeah
and I'm making a joke at reddit
basically also there's some similarities
with the religious overtones they have
this season with will patinas yeah
that's a praying position yes I mean
what was it in season 1 first murder
there kneeling cream yeah Dora Lange is
kind of tied up against the tree and
she's like an annealing prayer position
so definitely the connection between how
both these murders occurred okay let's
talk about she picking Briarwood the
let's see why was he there why was he
there at that yeah this is a big you
know it's a big cliffhanger at the end
of this episode and when I initially
watched it I was like what where the
hell am I like what's the significance
of this place was that the house where
the per cells lived is that
we're where Wayne used to live I had no
idea and then we looked back at the map
and we're wet what is one of the spots
that circled down there yes that
Halloween route that retreat route where
the dolls were passed out no there's an
X directly on that corner of the street
someone lived in a house on that Street
where now it's a vacated lot where
either they found the wrong person there
and some big shootout went down and some
horrific stuff happened that would cause
Wayne to leave the force obviously it's
still haunts Wayne have you left the
office at all yes I have you went home
to see your wife finally yes and she
left me back here with whodunit mhm
let's look at the evidence okay let's
get right into it let's start with will
all right will Purcell blunt-force trama
cervical fracture yes all right someone
broke his neck and brought him to the
cave they left those dolls out there
they put his hands together and then
Julie Purcell her fingerprints came up
ten years later right and they may I got
a note maybe you think it's the kid at
least put you on that route we'll see
how that goes all right let's talk about
suspects let's run it down first suspect
number one
uh-huh this fox what do you think too
small to really keep him on the list
Bret Woodard shit's not good for him
right now he's not comes to the just the
town itself right I think more for
looking at something with the town
probably turning on that man singer
rather later than the police well we'll
see wrong place wrong time
yeah damaged war veteran don't think
he's guilty new suspect added to the
list Dan O'Brien the creepy cousin of
Lucy's they should arrest him just for
that coat creepy cousin with the creepy
coat
guilty as charged in my book let's keep
keep an eye on this guy because if he
didn't do anything with the kids or we
don't have enough evidence to prove that
but something weird is going on with him
and his relationship with his cousin
Lucy yes and now the mom throws in the
theory that the kid
not be Tom's Julie that makes you wonder
is that father
the purple VW boys eye I suspect I've
gotten the feeling that they're the ones
who probably go to jail someone in that
group is probably going to jail maybe
Freddy the way he was grabbing yes
during a lunch or recess yeah yeah I
would assume it's because they screwed
up their story right they're not
sticking to the same story they're kind
of we're kind of breaking them down a
little bit remember his fingerprints are
all over that bike that's not good dude
the kid winds up dead and my
fingerprints are all over that bike and
the last ones on there that's not good
for you what sounds good how about the
pur cells we got Tom and Lucy we've
suspected their intentions might not be
100% genuine but what do we think uh so
this is the coffee Dick Wolf theory that
the parents one of the parents may have
just tried to set this up as like a
ransom kidnapping and something went
terribly wrong in this process you can
look at the dad for that the most of you
see this certain that the kids were
still healthy right and they weren't at
the house and he kind of it just felt
like he knows more than he's letting the
detectives know but I really think
there's a third party here with the
parents they just look too distraught to
really do it themselves
yeah great coffee by the way thank you
thank you appreciate that no problem
there's not another new how do you know
another new suspect added the list
Amelia do we think that Wayne's future
wife is responsible for something so
horrific I mean all the signs point to
her to be honest with you I think
pharisee theory alert yes yes the
filmmakers maybe this is a little bit of
a misdirection I think with her
character there's so many clues pointing
towards her right now just she's
involved so much in this case she's very
fascinated with the case yes maybe a
little bit too much on top of that you
got the scene in the bar where she
brings up to her she wanted to be
someone else a different personality she
yeah what else entirely - yeah that just
set off a few red flags for people
listen I don't think I don't think she's
the killer but I really think they're
trying to lead you down that path or
maybe she's like the role play and
another new face on our suspect list
this is ELISA ELISA Montgomery yeah she
is
the you know the making a murderer style
docu-series called true criminal
interviewing Wayne okay I they would
never do this but you can say like
people are thinking is it is it Julie is
she actually Julie but the age it does
not match up so the girls 10 she would
be in her 40s in 2015 right so that note
that I don't ridiculous young yeah and
you know I'm really leaning towards you
know this is pretty obvious that we have
not met the person yet this is only two
episodes in mmm-hmm I think that or the
street he's at if it involves the the
killer or anybody involved in there we
haven't met that person yet
now perhaps is that person Julie's real
father the person responsible for this
you alluded to it earlier
that she might have a different father
that Tom Purcell is not her dad could
that be a possibility that her father
came back is pissed off at Lucy and
snatched her yeah snatched her
unfortunately will died in some sort of
struggle and and that's kind of what we
have here I wonder if there are little
bit more things going on here then one
thing that leads to another and there's
like just a snowball effect that takes
place like will winds up out there by
himself somehow and gets killed doing
something completely different to get
separated from his sister and she goes
off and our different route altogether
we don't know yeah that would be cool if
there's more to this than just one
person I feel like we're going that way
but at the same time - yeah I agree I do
not think the killer was on screen at
any point the first two episodes also
when it comes to looking for the killer
I'm more excited about what happens to
this town than I am trying to discover
the mystery whodunit right I'm more
interested to figure out how does this
town eat itself alive in the 90s and 80s
I want to know what happens here yes so
you're just really excited for the
downfall of the whole community you're
saying hey they're building it up pretty
damn well right now I just want to know
that some chaos is about to go down in
this town and I'm more curious to see
what happens there than I am to just
reveal who's yeah because that's not
good no matter what its gonna be
anticlimactic at this point well it's
clear to me that we have a long ways to
go to crack this case that means
overtime for us both
okay at least six more times we're gonna
yeah at least in this room six more
you'll get the view at work it's six
more times in this room and you should
not go back home there's nothing waiting
for me at home
yes we've talked about this I'm very
sorry but we have we have each other
okay everyone that's it for us over here
now we will be back here on Tuesday next
week for episode three make sure to
leave any comments or any predictions
and theories in the comment section
below we love to hear from you guys and
also hit that subscribe button because
we're gonna break down all eight
episodes of the season yes and now we
leave you with some words of wisdom from
good old Frank Oh Frank maybe I should
have gone to the airport I wanna look
hungry never do anything out of hunger
not even eating